ref(python): Update alert for celery with v5 of celery released (#3857)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/celery/index.mdx

<Alert level="info" title="Note on distributed tracing">

> Sentry uses custom message headers for distributed tracing. For Celery versions 4.x, for [message protocol of version 1](https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/stable/internals/protocol.html#version-1), this functionality is broken and Celery fails to propagate custom headers to the worker. Protocol version 2, which is default since Celery version 4.0, is not affected.

Reviewer: Trying to avoid the double "for" here. Do "with" or "using" still make sense?
```suggestion
Sentry uses custom message headers for distributed tracing. For Celery versions 4.x, with [message protocol of version 1](https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/stable/internals/protocol.html#version-1), this functionality is broken, and Celery fails to propagate custom headers to the worker. Protocol version 2, which is the default since Celery version 4.0, is not affected.
```

> Fix for the custom headers propagation issue was introduced to Celery project ([PR](https://github.com/celery/celery/pull/6374)) since version 5.0.1. However, the fix was not backported to versions 4.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fix for the custom headers propagation issue was introduced to Celery project ([PR](https://github.com/celery/celery/pull/6374)) starting with version 5.0.1. However, the fix was not backported to versions 4.x.
```
